Jenkins - Updating Jenkinsfile configuration sample (#5774)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/tutorial-improve/add-a-jenkinsfile.adoc

== Create the Jenkinsfile

Create a file named `Jenkinsfile` with the content:

``` groovy
buildPlugin(
  useContainerAgent: true,
  configurations: [
    [platform: 'linux', jdk: 17], // use 'docker' if you have containerized tests
    [platform: 'windows', jdk: 11],
])
```
Be sure the configuration platform is set correctly.

> Building without setting the platform configuration in your Jenkinsfile results in a low-level class version error.

Reviewer: Ditto:

```suggestion
Building with a `Jenkinsfile` configuration that includes Java 8 will result in a low-level class version error when using version 4.52 or later of the plugin parent POM.
```
